CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to mesh-cli

## Code of Conduct

All interactions with this project follow our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/coinbase/code-of-conduct). By participating, you are expected to honor this code. Violators can be banned from further participation in this project, or potentially all Coinbase projects.

## How to Contribute

You can contribute to this repository by asking questions, providing feedback, and reporting issues.

### Asking Questions

Submit your questions via the [Mesh Community boards][13].

### Providing Feedback

You can also use the [Mesh Community boards][13] to provide feedback.

### Reporting Issues

You can report issues by submitting bug reports, feature requests, or pull requests via GitHub. You **must** submit [security issues](#security-issues) and [support requests](#support-requests) through the links provided.

#### Bug Reports

Before filing a bug report, ensure that your issue [has not already been reported][1]. It may already be fixed!

If your bug hasn’t been fixed, follow these steps to file a bug report:

1. [Open an issue in GitHub][10].
2. Add a title for your bug report. It should briefly describe the problem.
3. Follow the template that appears in the Write text box. This is the best way to describe the bug.
4. Click _Submit new issue_ to finish filing the bug report.

#### Feature Requests

We welcome feedback with or without pull requests. If you have an idea for how to improve the project, great! All we ask is that you take the time to write a clear and concise explanation of the need you are trying to solve. If you have thoughts on _how_ it can be solved, include those too!

To submit a feature request, follow these steps:

1. [Open an issue in GitHub][10].
2. Add a title for your feature request. It should briefly describe your requested feature.
3. Follow the template that appears in the Write text box. This is the best way to explain your request. Be clear and concise in your responses.
4. Click _Submit new issue_ to submit the feature request.

The best way to see a feature added, however, is to submit a pull request.

#### Pull Requests

Before creating your pull request, it's usually worth asking whether the code you're planning on writing will be considered for merging. You can do this by [opening an issue][1] and asking. It may also help give the maintainers context for when the time comes to review your code.

Ensure that your [commit messages are well-written][2]. This can double as your pull request message, so it pays to take the time to write a clear message.

Additionally, make sure that you have written unit tests for your changes. If you're unsure as to what to test, don't hesitate to [open an issue][1] and ask!

To submit your pull request, follow these steps:

1. Follow these instructions on how to [open a pull request in GitHub][11].
2. Click _Create pull request_ to submit your pull request.

Once you submit your pull request, a reviewer will revise it, and either approve it or offer suggestions.

#### Security Issues

You can send a report through Coinbase's [H1 program][12]. Check out the [Security][14] tab for more information.

#### Support Requests

All support requests must be made via [our support team][3].

**For security reasons, any communication referencing support tickets for Coinbase products will be ignored.** The request will have its content redacted and will be locked to prevent further discussion.

© 2022 Coinbase

<!-- Before adding link 15, populate link 4. One you do that, please erase this note. --->
[1]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/issues
[2]: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#seven-rules
[3]: https://support.coinbase.com/customer/en/portal/articles/2288496-how-can-i-contact-coinbase-support-
<!--- [4]: link removed --->
[5]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/issues/new/choose
[6]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md&title=
[7]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.md&title=
[8]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/pulls
[9]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/compare
[10]: https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/working-with-your-remote-repository-on-github-or-github-enterprise/creating-an-issue-or-pull-request#creating-an-issue
[11]: https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/working-with-your-remote-repository-on-github-or-github-enterprise/creating-an-issue-or-pull-request#creating-a-pull-request
[12]: https://hackerone.com/coinbase
[13]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/security

Commit message:

Added contribution guidelines
This helps standardize the process for submitting
issues, pull requests, and suggestions.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to mesh-cli

We welcome contributions to mesh-cli! Please follow these guidelines to help
make the process smooth and efficient.

## Reporting Issues
- Clearly describe the issue.
- Provide steps to reproduce if possible.
- Include relevant details like environment setup, error messages, etc.

## Submitting Pull Requests
- Fork the repository and create a new branch.
- Keep the changes small and focused on a single issue.
- Write clear commit messages.
- Ensure all tests pass before submitting.

## Code Style
- Follow the existing code style and structure.
- Add tests for new features or bug fixes.
- Update documentation as needed.


## Code of Conduct

All interactions with this project follow our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/coinbase/code-of-conduct). By participating, you are expected to honor this code. Violators can be banned from further participation in this project, or potentially all Coinbase projects.

## How to Contribute

You can contribute to this repository by asking questions, providing feedback, and reporting issues.

### Asking Questions

Submit your questions via the [Mesh Community boards][13].

### Providing Feedback

You can also use the [Mesh Community boards][13] to provide feedback.

### Reporting Issues

You can report issues by submitting bug reports, feature requests, or pull requests via GitHub. You **must** submit [security issues](#security-issues) and [support requests](#support-requests) through the links provided.

#### Bug Reports

Before filing a bug report, ensure that your issue [has not already been reported][1]. It may already be fixed!

If your bug hasn’t been fixed, follow these steps to file a bug report:

1. [Open an issue in GitHub][10].
2. Add a title for your bug report. It should briefly describe the problem.
3. Follow the template that appears in the Write text box. This is the best way to describe the bug.
4. Click _Submit new issue_ to finish filing the bug report.

#### Feature Requests

We welcome feedback with or without pull requests. If you have an idea for how to improve the project, great! All we ask is that you take the time to write a clear and concise explanation of the need you are trying to solve. If you have thoughts on _how_ it can be solved, include those too!

To submit a feature request, follow these steps:

1. [Open an issue in GitHub][10].
2. Add a title for your feature request. It should briefly describe your requested feature.
3. Follow the template that appears in the Write text box. This is the best way to explain your request. Be clear and concise in your responses.
4. Click _Submit new issue_ to submit the feature request.

The best way to see a feature added, however, is to submit a pull request.

#### Pull Requests

Before creating your pull request, it's usually worth asking whether the code you're planning on writing will be considered for merging. You can do this by [opening an issue][1] and asking. It may also help give the maintainers context for when the time comes to review your code.

Ensure that your [commit messages are well-written][2]. This can double as your pull request message, so it pays to take the time to write a clear message.

Additionally, make sure that you have written unit tests for your changes. If you're unsure as to what to test, don't hesitate to [open an issue][1] and ask!

To submit your pull request, follow these steps:

1. Follow these instructions on how to [open a pull request in GitHub][11].
2. Click _Create pull request_ to submit your pull request.

Once you submit your pull request, a reviewer will revise it, and either approve it or offer suggestions.

#### Security Issues

You can send a report through Coinbase's [H1 program][12]. Check out the [Security][14] tab for more information.

#### Support Requests

All support requests must be made via [our support team][3].

**For security reasons, any communication referencing support tickets for Coinbase products will be ignored.** The request will have its content redacted and will be locked to prevent further discussion.

© 2022 Coinbase

<!-- Before adding link 15, populate link 4. One you do that, please erase this note. --->
[1]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/issues
[2]: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#seven-rules
[3]: https://support.coinbase.com/customer/en/portal/articles/2288496-how-can-i-contact-coinbase-support-
<!--- [4]: link removed --->
[5]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/issues/new/choose
[6]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md&title=
[7]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.md&title=
[8]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/pulls
[9]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/compare
[10]: https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/working-with-your-remote-repository-on-github-or-github-enterprise/creating-an-issue-or-pull-request#creating-an-issue
[11]: https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/working-with-your-remote-repository-on-github-or-github-enterprise/creating-an-issue-or-pull-request#creating-a-pull-request
[12]: https://hackerone.com/coinbase
[13]: https://github.com/coinbase/mesh-cli/security
